[SMTChecker] Bundle unproved messages by default (#11705)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

 * Yul EVM Code Transform: Also pop unused argument slots for functions without return variables (under the same restrictions as for functions with return variables).
 * Yul Optimizer: Move function arguments and return variables to memory with the experimental Stack Limit Evader (which is not enabled by default).
 * Commandline Interface: option ``--pretty-json`` works also with ``--standard--json``.

>  * SMTChecker: Unproved targets are hidden by default, and the SMTChecker only states how many unproved targets there are. They can be listed using the CLI option ``--model-checker-show-unproved`` and the JSON option ``settings.modelChecker.showUnproved``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * SMTChecker: Unproved targets are hidden by default, and the SMTChecker only states how many unproved targets there are. They can be listed using the command line option ``--model-checker-show-unproved`` or the JSON option ``settings.modelChecker.showUnproved``.
```
I think we usually skip abbreviations in the changelog.
